feat(sdk)!: allow passing Activity for passive sitekeys (#146)
hCaptcha/hcaptcha-android-sdk: README.md

To remove all listeners you may use `HCaptcha.removeAllListener()`.

> Note ⚠️: For the regular use-case (visual challenge validation), `HCaptcha.getClient(Activity)` must be called with `FragmentActivity` instance. `Activity` is allowed only when `hideDialog=true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note ⚠️: For any sitekey that can show visual challenges, `HCaptcha.getClient(Activity)` must be called with `FragmentActivity` instance.

`Activity` is allowed only when `hideDialog=true` and sitekey setting is Passive (Enterprise feature).
```

To remove all listeners you may use `HCaptcha.removeAllListener()`.

> Note: For a regular use-case (Visual Challenge validation), `HCaptcha.getClient(Activity)` must be called with `FragmentActivity` instance

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note ⚠️: For the regular use-case (visual challenge validation), `HCaptcha.getClient(Activity)` must be called with `FragmentActivity` instance. `Activity` is allowed only when `hideDialog=true`.

```
